DAOS-3388 build: Add scripts to assist with checks (#2399)
daos-stack/daos: utils/check/README.md

# Check Utilities

This directory has utilities to aid in doing some checks on the code
in or produced by this package.

The scripts in this directory may need to be modified to fit your build
environment.

## Scanning for CVEs for packages that DAOS depends on

The three scripts in this section can be used to make a list of packages
that the libraries installed by DAOS depend on, and then check the if
RedHat has any CVEs listed for them.

> To use these scripts the following should be setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these scripts the following should be set up.
```

> 1. A test system with CentOS 7 installed with sudo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A test system with CentOS 7 installed including the `sudo` command.
```

1. These three scripts need to be copied to that system.

> 1. Recommend that you setup a working directory, as these scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Recommend that you set up a working directory, as these scripts
```
